PRESENTER INFORMATION
Primary Speaker Name or Pseudonym*:
Harrison Strickland

Primary Speaker Title and Company (if applicable):

Additional Speaker Name(s)/Pseudonym(s)* and Title(s):
Derek Nunn

Have any of the speakers spoken at a previous DEF CON? If Yes, which speaker, what year(s), and which talk(s)?
No

Primary Speaker Email Address:

Backup Email, in case of communication failure (optional):

Primary Speaker Phone Number:

Co-Speaker(s) Email Address(es):
derek.nunn@westpoint.edu
danunn01@gmail.com 

Co-Speaker(s) Phone Number(s):
(301) 885-7680

Speakers' Social Media / Personal Site Information (Twitter, Facebook, website, etc)*:

Would you like your submission sent in anonymously to the review board?*: Yes or No

PRESENTATION INFORMATION
Date of Submission:

Presentation Title:

Length of presentation: (20 minutes, 45 minutes, 105 minutes)

Is there a demonstration? Yes or No. If yes, please explain the demonstration.

Is there audience participation*? Yes or No. If yes, how?

Are you releasing a new tool? Yes or No
If you are releasing a new tool:
Under which license?
Is it a full tool suite, a plugin, proof of concept exploit, update to existing tool, or something else?
Is the tool currently public?
What language is the tool written in?
Please introduce your tool briefly and explain what it does:

Are you releasing a new exploit? Yes or No
If you are releasing vulnerabilities, please break them down and abstract as a vulnerability database would. Include the vendor(s), product(s), and version(s) affected here:

Are there any contingencies that might prevent releasing the exploit (e.g. vendor relationships, coordinated disclosure delays, visa approvals, etc)? Yes or No

Have you submitted or do you plan on submitting this topic to any other conference held prior to DEF CON 28? If yes, please list which conference(s) and their dates.

Are you submitting this or any other topic to Black Hat USA? Yes or No. If Yes, please elaborate.

If you answered yes to the previous question, can you ONLY commit to speak at DEF CON if your talk is accepted at Black Hat USA? Yes or No
Note: For clarification, this means if your submission to Black Hat's CFP is rejected, you will withdraw your DEF CON Submission.

Are you submitting this or any other topic to BSidesLV? Yes or No. If Yes, please elaborate.

Sometimes a good CFP makes a great fit for a DEF CON Village too. The review board will recommend some talks to be presented exclusively in a village, or as an encore to a main stage presentation. Do you consent to allow DEF CON to forward your completed submission to relevant DEF CON Village lead(s) for their consideration for village content? * Yes or No.

ABSTRACT (not to exceed 1337 characters):
Note: Your abstract will be used for the website and printed materials. Summarize what your presentation will cover. Attendees will read this to get an idea of what they should know before your presentation, and what they will learn after. Use this to inform attendees about how technical your talk is, what tools will be used, what materials to read in advance to get the most out of your presentation. This abstract is the primary way people will be drawn to your session, but should not give them the entire content of the talk. We request you keep your abstract well over 140 characters, but at or under the 1337 maximum.

SPEAKER BIO(S) (not to exceed 1337 characters total):
Note: This text will be used for the website and printed materials and should be written in the third person. Cover any professional or hacker history that is relevant to you and the presentation, you may include past jobs, tools that you have written, etc. Let people know who you are and why you are qualified to speak on your topic. If you prefer, you may write your bio under a pseudonym. Please include Co-Speaker and Panel Bios when possible.

REFERENCES:
Please provide a simple bibliography and/or works cited. List sources you have used (whether referenced or not) in the process of finalizing your presentation. Please remember to credit prior works and acknowledge others. References will be posted online with your talk information. We want attendees interested in your talk to be able to research what has been helpful for you in developing this presentation.

DETAILED OUTLINE:
Note: This is the most important section on the application. You must provide a detailed outline containing the main points and navigation through your talk - show how you intend to begin, where you intend to lead the audience and how you plan to get there. Your outline should be in simple text. Please do not submit slides, Docs, or PDFs as an outline. If you are submitting a panel, it’s encouraged to list what each panel member will contribute to on the outline, as well as the estimated time budgeted for those bullet points. The review board likes submissions that include references to prior works and research you used in developing your presentation. The more detailed your outline then the better we are able to review your presentation against other submissions (and the higher chance you have of being accepted).

SCHEDULING AND EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS
Is there a specific day or time by which you must present?* Yes or No.
If Yes, Please indicate the dates/times and restriction.

Will you require more than 1 projector feed? Yes or No. If yes, please specify how many and why.

Are there any other special equipment needs that you will require to successfully present your talk?

SUPPORTING FILES:
Note: Additional supporting materials such as code, white papers, proof of concept, etc. should be sent along with your email submission. Additional files that may help in the selection process should be included. We are not asking for a complete presentation for this initial submission and full slides will only be required if you are selected for presenting. It is the submitter's responsibility to remove any PII from any attached slides, white papers, or supporting materials, and to appropriately sanitize any metadata in the provided content.

SUBMISSION AGREEMENTS
Please read and accept these terms by inserting your name where noted. Failure to do so will render your submission incomplete. Please read these carefully as some of the terms have changed.

Grant of Copyright Use
I warrant that the above work has not been previously published elsewhere, or if it has, that I have obtained permission for its publication by DEF CON Communications, Inc. and that I will promptly supply DEF CON Communications, Inc. with wording for crediting the original publication and copyright owner. If I am selected for presentation, I hereby give DEF CON Communications, Inc. permission to duplicate, record and redistribute this presentation, which includes, but is not limited to, the conference proceedings, conference CD, video, audio, and hand-outs to the conference attendees for educational, on-line, and all other purposes.

Terms of Speaking Requirements
1) I will submit a completed presentation, a copy of the tool(s) and/or code(s), and a reference to all of the tool(s), law(s), Web sites and/or publications referenced to at the end of my talk and as described in this CFP submission for publication on the DEF CON media server, to be released the day of the conference, by 12:00 noon Pacific time, July 15, 2020.

2) I will submit a final Abstract and Biography for the DEF CON website and Printed Conference Materials by 12:00 noon Pacific time, June 15, 2020.

3) I understand if I fail to submit a completed PDF presentation by July 15, 2020, I may be replaced by an alternate presentation or may forfeit my honorarium. This decision will be made by DEF CON and I will be informed in writing of my status.

4) I will include a detailed bibliography as either a separate document or included within the presentation of all resources cited and/or used in my presentation.

5) I will complete my presentation within the time allocated to me - not running over, or excessively under the time allocation.

6) I understand that DEF CON will provide 1 projector feed, 2 screens, microphones, wired and/or wireless Internet. I understand that I am responsible for providing all other necessary equipment, including laptops and machines (with VGA output), to complete my presentation.

7) If applicable, I will submit within 5 days of the completion of the conference any updated, revised or additional presentation(s) or materials that were used in my presentation but not included on the conference media server or conference proceedings.

Terms of Speaking Remuneration
1). DEF CON will provide 3 nights hotel per accepted presentation for the primary speaker only. The hotel will be at the DEF CON Venue properties, and of DEF CON’s choosing. I understand I will need to confirm my hotel nights and submit my preferences by the date listed in my official acceptance letter. I understand that I will be responsible for my own travel expenses, unless prior approval is made with special exception.

2) I understand that DEF CON will issue one $300 payment per presentation to the primary speaker only. Payment will be made in the form of company check. I may choose to waive my $300 honorarium in exchange for 3 DEF CON Human badges, received at the start of the conference. I may also choose to donate my honorarium to charity.

3) I understand that I may receive payment on-site at the conference. If selecting the $300 payment as my honorarium, I must provide a valid name and postal mail address so that the payment may be mailed. In some rare cases, I may be required to complete a W8 (Non-U.S. Citizen) or W9 (U.S. Citizen) before payment is issued.

4) I understand that I will be paid within 30 days from the end of the conference, after I have completed my presentation. I understand that should my talk be determined to be unsuitable (e.g. a vendor or sales pitch, a talk on the keeping of goats, etc.) after I have presented, that I will not receive an honorarium.

As detailed above, I, (insert primary speaker name), have read and agree to the Grant of Copyright Use. I, (insert primary speaker name), have read and agree to the Terms of Speaking Requirements. I, (insert primary speaker name), have read and agree to the Agreement to Terms of Speaking Remuneration or I will forfeit my honorarium.

PRESS CONTACT
I, (insert primary speaker name) understand that DEF CON's official Press Liaison & Staff may contact me. I consent to be contacted in order to arrange interviews with the media. My contact information will not be given to third parties without my consent.
< OR >
No, I (insert primary speaker name), don't want to be contacted by DEF CON's press staff for any reason. Our policies, including our privacy policy are located here: https://www.defcon.org/html/links/dc-policy.html